So, from the minute this movie was announced I just knew it would be a masterpiece. I knew it would be the best film of the year, for sure, and those trailers only just further confirmed it. And now, after watching the movie, I can say that it wasn’t just my favorite film of the year. The Knight Before Christmas is my favorite movie of all time. In fact, it’s the only movie that matters anymore. Fuck The Shawshank Redemption, that movie doesn’t have shit on this masterpiece beyond words. The Knight Before Christmas is the fantastic story of a knight who gets transported from medieval times right into the modern era to complete a quest of finding true love, and is taken in by Vanessa Hudgens, and they start to form a instant and beautiful bond.  It’s a story of love, hope, heroism, and of course, the wonder and beauty of the holiday season. He learns not just the meaning of love and how to open his heart to others, he learns about the meaning of the holiday spirit, and the human spirit in general, all thanks to the bond formed between him and Venessa Hudgen’s character, a bond that will forever stand the test of time. It brought me to tears, the ending was just a pure emotional rush. You thought Call Me By Your Name was the saddest movie ever, well, just wait until this one, it is a sight to behold. It’s also a very funny movie, as many wacky shenanigans occur when the knight has to adjust to living in the modern world. He learns of how people speak, such as when he says “Modern technology is lit AF,” and “Straight Fire.” These had me laughing to no end, it was hilarious. And just wait until you see how he reacts to the Amazon Alexa device, I wouldn’t dare ruin the surprise. It’s a movie with a script that moved me, made me laugh, and made me believe in the power of love and Christmas, it did everything it needed to. The acting is amazing, the two leads portray these complex, true-to-life characters in a way I’ve never seen before, and let’s not even get started on the amazing child acting. The wonderful cinematography really captures the true love formed between the leads, as well as capturing the best aspects of humans themselves during the holiday season. Someday, I’ll do a full analysis on how the way this movie is shot manages to convey complex messages on life, the world, the universe, and what it means to be truly alive, there’s just too much to explore right now, this review would go on forever if I went in depth. Overall, this movie defies all expectations and manages to be the single best movie I’ve ever seen. A heartwarming, hilarious, tearjerking, and fun-filled ride the whole family can enjoy, The Knight Before Christmas is a movie that no one should miss. If this movie doesn’t win every single Oscar, and get 25 or more sequels (and they do set up a sequel during the credits, so don’t miss it) I will forever be broken, because this movie deserves the world, and a million sequels. I will be forever grateful towards this movie.

